Fixing README (#723)
rigetti/pyquil: README.md

[![Build Status](https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/rigetti/pyquil/branches/master/badge.svg)](https://semaphoreci.com/rigetti/pyquil)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pyquil/badge/?version=latest)](http://pyquil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

**Please note: To make full use of our SDK, in addition to installing pyQuil, you'll need to download [quilc and the QVM](rigetti.com/forest), which 

> will allow you to compile and run programs on our simulators on your local machine. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will allow you to compile and simulate programs on your local machine. 
```

Author: Thanks @amyfbrown
